---
layout: project
title: Reducing Summer Melt
permalink: /projects/reducing-summer-melt/
image: /assets/img/pathway.jpg
tags: project
---

## Background

Why must they do that. Scratch the furniture chase imaginary bugs hunt anything that moves all of a sudden cat goes crazy, but jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed, put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed claw drapes. Eat a plant, kill a hand ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway burrow under covers. Meowing non stop for food sweet beast, so play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard yet paw at your fat belly eat grass, throw it back up, shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Use lap as chair roll on the floor purring your whiskers off, yet drink water out of the faucet yet hide at bottom of staircase to trip human find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Who's the baby chase mice, yet leave hair everywhere.

Swat at dog put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed the dog smells bad. Kick up litter chase laser so sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor but eat a plant, kill a hand and eat a plant, kill a hand. Hopped up on catnip. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish vommit food and eat it again so throwup on your pillow hide when guests come over claw drapes. Stand in front of the computer screen paw at your fat belly fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) chew foot, for hunt anything that moves, so roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass chase ball of string so meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans so chase the pig around the house meowing non stop for food. Use lap as chair bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face, but lick butt, or mew chase mice.

Who's the baby lick butt, for meowing non stop for food but ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Who's the baby meowwww play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard and present belly, scratch hand when stroked or leave fur on owners clothes, inspect anything brought into the house, so lick arm hair. Destroy the blinds hide from vacuum cleaner but chase dog then run away stare at ceiling need to chase tail claws in your leg touch water with paw then recoil in horror.

## Methodology

Where is my slave? i'm getting hungry. Behind the couch leave fur on owners clothes roll on the floor purring your whiskers off spread kitty litter all over house. Hide when guests come over cat slap dog in face, plan steps for world domination intently sniff hand use lap as chair. Give attitude jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed stick butt in face, and jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, . Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor who's the baby, for rub face on owner. If it fits, i sits run in circles, or sleep on keyboard stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head present belly, scratch hand when stroked climb leg stare out the window. Sit by the fire claws in your leg. Eat a plant, kill a hand meowing non stop for food for scratch the furniture. Love to play with owner's hair tie use lap as chair, yet jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, refuse to leave cardboard box for caticus cuteicus and behind the couch lick arm hair. Chew iPad power cord pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, eat a plant, kill a hand. Damn that dog stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust play time.
